Chuu: Take like this
Chuu: Look up! Look up!
Chuu: 1, 2, 3!
Chuu: Look up, please!
Chuu: Okay, cool. Look at this!
Chuu: It's penguin shot!
Chuu: Penguin shot of Go Won!
Chuu: Isn't it cute?
Go Won: Looks like a real penguin...
Chuu: Chuu's penguin shot!
Go Won: It look like a real penguin!
Chuu: Let me show you what we took!
Chuu: It's fun~
(How beautiful girls~)
Olivia Hye: I'm not good at taking sefies
Olivia Hye: So I'm practicing a lot!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Go Won - One&Only"
(But that photo sticker keeps catching our eyes)
Olivia Hye: It's manager's cell phone.
Olivia Hye: I guess they took it on Christmas Eve.
Olivia Hye: And here is Kim Lip.
(Come to think of it, that photo sticker was on Yves' phone)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Kim Lip - Eclipse"
(And the photo was also on Go Won's phone)
Go Won: She put it on my phone when I was sleeping.
Go Won: I found it after I got up.